skills/meta-tools/SKILL.md, before:

---
name: meta-tools
description: Meta-tools for the Agent to manage its own skills and experience.
description_cn: Agent 自我管理工具，用于记录经验和优化技能。
type: system
created_by: system
allowed-tools: update_experience
---

# Meta Tools

Tools for the Agent to self-evolve and manage the skill system.

## Tools

### update_experience
Records a successful "experience" or "lesson learned" for a specific skill.
This experience will be injected into the system prompt whenever that skill is used in the future.

**When to use:**
- When you encounter an error with a tool (e.g., missing dependency, wrong parameter format) and find a workaround.
- When you discover a specific configuration that works best for the user's environment.
- When you want to persist a "memory" about how to use a specific skill effectively.

**Parameters:**
- `skill_name`: The name of the skill to update (e.g., "yt-dlp-wrapper").
- `experience`: A concise, actionable sentence describing the lesson learned (e.g., "Always use absolute paths for output_dir.").

Commit message:

feat: Implement Claude Skill conversion and optimize Skill System
- Skill Creator: Added convert_claude_skill tool to import and adapt Claude Skills for Cowork.
- Skill Manager: Optimized skill detection to automatically identify skills in ai_skills directory.
- Docs: Updated SKILL.md for skill_creator.

skills/meta-tools/SKILL.md, after:

---
name: meta-tools
description: Meta-tools for the Agent to manage its own skills and experience.
description_cn: Agent 自我管理工具，用于记录经验和优化技能。
type: system
created_by: system
allowed-tools: update_experience
---

# Meta Tools

Tools for the Agent to self-evolve and manage the skill system.

## Tools

### update_experience
Records a successful "experience" or "lesson learned", or updates the description/instructions for a specific skill.
This allows the skill to evolve by refining its capabilities and usage guide.

**When to use:**
- When you encounter an error with a tool and find a workaround (use `experience`).
- When you discover a specific configuration that works best (use `experience`).
- When you realize the skill's description is inaccurate or incomplete (use `description`).
- When the usage instructions (body) need clarification or expansion (use `instructions`).

**Parameters:**
- `skill_name`: The name of the skill to update.
- `experience`: (Optional) A concise, actionable sentence describing the lesson learned (appended to existing).
- `description`: (Optional) A new summary of what the skill does (replaces existing).
- `instructions`: (Optional) The full markdown body explaining how to use the skill (replaces existing).
